today's movie in 10 minute will
introduce to you a movie that had ranked
for weeks in a row when it aired on
netflix
the film has everything a little comedy
a political metaphor
unpredictable turning points pleasing
surprises
shocking violence not for you to wait
long
the movie that movie in 10 minute is
about is the platform
the platform's heat was indisputable
when it came out and was also a hotly
debated topic on film forums
so what is the platform like why is it
so attractive
are there any notable details in the
movie this video will spoil the entire
content of the film
if you haven't already my sincere advice
is to stop this video here and watch the
platform right away
it's not too late to come back after
watching
if you've seen it already or you don't
care about spoilers
let's get started the first will be some
information about the platform
the platform is a sci-fi film mixed with
elements of the horror genre directed by
galder gastelu arusha
this spanish aim el hoyo meaning whole
this name is the central theme of the
entire film that determines all the
events in the film
the film was screened for the first time
at the toronto international
film festival and in 2019 where it won
the people's choice award for midnight
madness
the film also earned a score of 7.0 on
imdp
and 79 on rotten tomatoes
hollywood did not make a very positive
score in the movie
the show takes viewers into a cramped
vertical concrete structure consisting
of hundreds of floors
intersected by a vertical hole in the
middle of each floor
and each floor is marked with numbers
from low to high
in the order of bases from top to bottom
the platform is a place where offenders
are kept
unlike regular prisons they are given
something they love
once a day a dining table would drift
from the first floor down to the
successive feet below and ended when it
reached the last base
each floor will be eaten within two
minutes many of you will wonder if there
is only one julie until the last people
have nothing to eat
that's precisely what happens in the
movie and that's how the platform works
of course to ensure everyone's fairness
they will sniffle and move to other
floors after a month
people on the upper floors will be moved
to the lower floors and vice versa
however this will lead to a different
situation where people who are
transferred from lower to higher floors
tend to try to eat a lot
part of it was to make up for a month of
not eating trying to enjoy a month
upstairs
and partly wanting to punish those who
put them in a miserable situation
aside from her eating very much they
even stomp and defecate on food to
satisfy the eye and of course
we will come to another question from
here the upper floors did not store a
certain amount of food and give the
rations to the lower floors
that's because another mechanism of the
platform doesn't let that happen
when someone intentionally stores
themselves even a small food sample
that floor will continuously increase or
decrease the temp those are the basic
rules of the platform
the film revolves around our protagonist
goring played by ivan masagwe
a guy who doesn't know anything about
the platform voluntarily asked to come
here to quit smoking and read the book
don quixote
when thrown into the platform goring
woke up on the 48th floor
where he met the character trimagassi
played by zorian egylor
trimagas c is a short older man who
always eats for food when the
opportunity arises
he also advised goring not to talk to
people from upstairs or downstairs and
even tried to humiliate the lower people
when given a chance
these details show that trimagassi has a
selfish lifestyle
only thinks for himself besides that
he is also a trick then turns goring
back into food on the 171st floor
those details all refer to one term
trimagassi is representative of a class
of people living in capitalism
people only know to live for themselves
ready to use all tricks and tricks to
achieve their goals
regardless of whether it affects their
kind but in the end
it was not try magazine's fault do you
remember what he had with him
in the culture of some nations the knife
is representative of pain
revenge and betrayal this meant that
those negative emotions were inherent in
trimagassi
the reason is none other than that
because he is also a victim of the upper
echelons who have been trampled
physically
emotionally and mentally so negative
thinking is inevitable
after a month of living on the 48th
floor they were moved down to 171
meaning that there wouldn't be any food
for them trimagassi took advantage of
goring's deep sleep and tied him to the
bed
intending to use his body for daily
sustenance
goring then realized the naked and
brutal truth here
and it was decided to change now let's
decode this movie together
on the flip side of society viewers
cannot help but be shocked by the dark
photo of the film when watching the
platform
the selfish greedy nature of man when
put in adverse situations
the movie begins with a clean kitchen
setting with chefs in bright
polite costumes and dishes with
exquisite and eye-catching decor
when watching here viewers probably
imagine a hearty party being prepared
extremely carefully for gourmet
dinners or rich people this meal is
practically a meal for the prisoners in
the platform prison
poor people and can't even keep their
humanity the reasons why will be
explained below
this is a huge contrast and makes a lot
of artistic sense
the platform reflects the social
stratification and class division of our
lives
specifically the platform with a
multi-layered vertical structure as a
symbolic image of social strata
the platform has 333 floors
the number sign of life so the
implication of this 333 is that our
world is inherently good and worth
living
but each floor has two people so the
total number of people
in the platform is 666 the number of
satong
the way the building works is that
people are tarnishing the world
bringing suffering and trampling on
themselves
in the platform food will be provided
once a day and from top to bottom
the amount of food on each floor
decreases at each level
the people upstairs will have access to
the most delicious and delicious food
when faced with such a large amount of
food they cannot hold themselves
back leading to them eating more than
what they need as excessive consumerism
when the upper people were caught up in
the psychological vortex
that downstairs was cornered in a
maelstrom of deprivation
that is the reality of the capitalist
society today
when the rich have more opportunities to
exploit resources
those in the middle class and below have
fewer op in the platform
every month the people upstairs move
downstairs and vice versa
many of you will find this unreasonable
but think a little more openly in our
lives we do not lack the people who
issue a good investment or a lottery
ticket when they have just reached the
to make up for a rich and easy to find
life
the first thing will be to make up for a
life of poverty and misery and move from
low to high level and eat a lot to make
up for a month of hunger earlier
some people who have just been moved
from high floors to low as a symbolic
image of people who have lost all their
assets or went bankrupt
or they will do everything to survive
trying to one day return to their
original position
even if they have to deal with others or
they will ultimately lose their life
energy and decide to end their lives
this is why in the second half of the
movie and goring and you move down the
floors through the dining table
the people on the last floor are either
dead or they killed each other or ended
their lives
that is the extremely ingenious
implication of the crew
made for those who enjoy movies of the
book don quixote before entering the
platform
prisoners can carry anything with them
taking advantage of this
most of the others tried to bring
weapons to protect themselves
but some items make the audience curious
because of their strangeness
so what are the meanings behind those
widgets we may first refer to the
baharet rope symbolizing the pursuit of
freedom
the children's pool of an older man
represents a simple pursuit of happiness
imo guri's dog is the need to have a
friend to reduce
loneliness but the movie's most implied
object is goring's book don quixote
don quixote's content revolves around
the illusion of becoming a violent
exorcist knight of an old aristocrat
living in mancha country named alonso
quicksano
then after his only adventures he
realized that the illusion of becoming a
knight to protect the people did not
bring him anything like a great regret
at the end of his life
don quixote is the image representing
goring
a man entered the platform with an
honest spirit and willingly gave his
food to form trimagassi and made him a
close friend to him
but when the two were moved to the 171st
floor
trimagassi tied him up ready to kill him
for survival the girl miharu he cared
for earlier saved goring from
trimagasey's arms
the wound on her thigh and the mentality
of being killed by trimagassi caused
goring to completely lose his humanity
goring stabbing madly at trimagassi
affectionately by his own
now he understood the cost of being the
right person and the saying
eat or be eaten that trimagasi always
said to him
since then goring has become a
completely different person
accepting to let the gloomy atmosphere
of the platform swallow him
the religious meanings not only stop at
the aspect of social status
the film also uses a lot of dialogue
images related to religion
more specifically it is christianity
first
and foremost is the statement that imo
guri's soul told him after
i say to you unless you eat the flesh of
the son of man and drink his blood
you have no life in you whoever feeds on
my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal
life
and i will raise him up on the last day
for my flesh is true food
and my blood is true drink nothing other
than the words of jesus
the meaning of this phrase alludes to
the eucharist of christianity when the
body and blood of jesus are transformed
into small bread to feed the souls of
the faithful
however in the film this entire sentence
is completely understood in the literal
sense
creating a scary i moguery then called
goring the messiah our savior
which was the name of jesus when he died
so that all from here
we can understand that imo guri calls
goring the messiah because she thinks
that he can change the platform and make
it possible for everyone to live
to reinforce this point in the goring
passages
after reaching the very end a place is
nothing but an infinite
dark void trimagassi stepped out to pick
him up and told him that his trip was
over
then my snail showing that goring was
exhausted and dead after the stab in the
previous scene but he succeeded in
sending the miharu's little girl went
upstairs
he has completed his mission to save
everyone in the end
i will say the meaning of the little
girl miharu's daughter
also known as the message for the air
floor she has called the memorandum of
the most superficial and most visible
understanding is the law that prohibits
children under 16 from participating in
the platform
still the baby has a lot more meaning
than that
in terms of an addition to religion
sending her to the air floor to save all
others is seen as the image of
sacrificing the sheep to offer a prayer
to the sovereign and that society's
stratification with its harshness has
created a sharp blade
the people on the handle are the ones
upstairs the bottom floor is nothing but
the victims of that sort
and the victims most affected by social
stratification are the future children
of society itself
sending a child to the floor will not
make the operators of this place realize
that the cast division has created a
miniature culture of crying
where children are easy prey for that
society
the platform has a lot of other details
to talk about that we can't possibly
include in a video
so if we miss any information don't be
afraid to show